Introduction
    The term "e-commerce" refers to businesses and individuals that purchase and resell goods and services online. E-commerce can be done on computers, tablets, cellphones, and other smart devices, and it operates in a variety of market categories. It is becoming more and more important in our world. Likewise, Acumen is also an android application a book-selling e-commerce android application. The major objective of Acumen is to make books more accessible to people everywhere. It also wants to save money, protect the environment, keep peace with technology, and spread knowledge. The management of books, customers, orders, deliveries, and bills is the primary goal of acumen. It controls all the data about books, stocks, orders, and details.
    
Description and Features
    Acumen is an Android app that sells books and is better suited for business-to-customer transactions (b2c). Here in this application, the administrator adds the books to this application, where customers may view details, add them to carts, and purchase them. In addition to the features already described, users and admin. User can also manage their profiles, delete their shopping carts, browse books, and read book reviews. While Admins can also add products and view all orders placed by all users. These are the capabilities or tasks that you can perform on my application "Acumen," which is a standard component of every e-commerce software.
     This application was created using Flutter, which is Google's free, open-source software development kit (SDK) for creating cross-platform mobile applications. It is employed because applications are created using the Dart language. Dart has async-awaits, generics, garbage collection, and a standard library. Dart makes it simple to compile into native code. compared to other programs like react native, and Fast Compilation Developers can simply continue to use the framework for additional development without any pauses and without having to wait for updates. Developers simply need to construct UI elements once with Flutter, and they will be automatically optimized for many platforms and resolutions.
     
Future works
Although I tried to incorporate every fundamental feature a book-selling website has, I was unable to do so due to time constraints and other issues, therefore I've included some features that I hope to add in the future. These features include:
Multiple Methods of Payment: To Make sure to make the purchasing stage as simple as possible for your customers by providing a variety of online payment options in the shopping cart to increase your chances of closing the transaction during the final checkout process on my application.
User Review: I have created a function for the system that rates the books by using a star rating system, however, the feature review has yet to be enabled. Customers sometimes rely on what past buyers have to say about a product because they won't have the opportunity to see it in person.
Discounts: Customers enjoy believing that they are receiving a good bargain and are being treated differently from other customers. To provide customers with this kind of attractive, customized experience, offer personalized bargains, offers, and other user features. 

Architecture 
To create my application MVC (Model–view–controller) project architecture has been used which simply is a software design pattern that divides related program logic into three interconnected elements and is commonly used for developing user interfaces. This is done to distinguish internal information representations from how information is presented to and accepted by users.
 
Shared preferences
Shared preferences is a Flutter plugin that allows you to save data in a key-value format so you can easily retrieve it later. Behind the scenes, it uses the aptly named Shared Preferences on Android. The user's token is stored in my application acumen through shared preferences so that the user doesn't have to log in each time the app is refreshed or closed. However, the token gets deleted when you log out of the application.
Appendix

Conclusion
An application is developed by using flutter named Acumen which is an android application for bookselling and buying e-commerce android platform. Where buyers can view details, add books to carts, and make purchases after the administrator adds the books to the program. Users and admin are additional functionality to those already mentioned. Besides managing their profiles, users can browse books and read book reviews while also deleting their shopping carts. Administrators can also add products and view all orders placed by all users. Additionally, an application for wearOS was created and notifications are shown in wear OS as well. While testing has been done to ensure the application is functional and some of the features are still to be completed for future works
